[DOCS] Adds inference conceptual documentation (#758)
elastic/stack-docs: docs/en/stack/ml/df-analytics/ml-inference.asciidoc

{classanalysis} against the new data with the same input fields that you've 
trained the model on, and get a prediction.

Let's take a closer look at the machinery behind {infer}.

[discrete]
==== Trained {ml} models as functions

When you create a {dfanalytics-job} that executes a supervised process, you need 
to train a {ml} model on a training dataset to be able to make predictions on 
data points that the model has never seen. The models that are created by 
{dfanalytics} are stored as {es} documents in internal indices. In other words, 
the characteristics of your trained models are saved and ready to be used as 
functions.

[discrete]
==== {infer-cap} processor

{infer-cap} is a processor specified in an {ref}/pipeline.html[ingest pipeline]. 
It uses a stored {dfanalytics} model to infer against the data that is being 
ingested in the pipeline. The model is used on the 
{ref}/ingest.html[ingest node]. {infer-cap} pre-processes the data by using the 
model and provides a prediction. After the process, the pipeline continues 
executing (if there is any other processor in the pipeline), finally the new 
data together with the results are indexed into the destination index.

> Check the {ref}/ingest/processors/inference.asciidoc[{infer} processor] and 

Author: ```suggestion
Check the {ref}/inference-processor.html[{infer} processor] and 
```
